docs: update migration guide with latest changes (#4479)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/references/migration-guide.md

</Alert>

### Updated Test File Locations

Previously, you could specify the locations of test files and folders using the

> configuration options: `componentFolder`, `integrationFolder`, or `testFiles`.

Reviewer: This one is the weird one that we used `componentFolder` + `testFiles` to load ct specs or `integrationFolder` + `testFiles` to load e2e tests. Probably the reason 'redundant' was referenced above 

```suggestion
configuration options: `componentFolder`, or `integrationFolder`, and `testFiles`.
```

</Alert>

<Alert type="danger">

For Cypress Dashboard users, changing your `specPattern` and files names or
extensions of your spec files will result in a loss of data in the Cypress
Dashboard. Because of this, if we detect your project is using the Dashboard
during automatic migration, we won't suggest changing your spec files. We also
don't recommend doing it manually if you are a Dashboard user.

A future update to the Cypress app will cover updating the `specPattern` and

> maintaining history in the Dashboard.

Author: I removed the line to avoid any speculation on what might come in dashboard

#### `cy.mount()`

A default `cy.mount()` command has been added for mounting components in
Component Testing. Note that this command only warns and redirect users to the
API page, the user still needs to manually define their own `cy.mount()` command
with `Cypress.Commands.add('mount', ...)`.

If you set up your app using the automatic configuration wizard, a basic
`cy.mount()` command will be imported for you in your support file from one our supported frameworks. You can
customize that command to fit your needs. See the
[Mount API](/api/commands/mount) guide for more information.

#### `Cypress.Commands.add()`

[`Cypress.Commands.add()`](/api/cypress-api/custom-commands) has been updated to
allow the built-in “placeholder” custom `mount` and `hover` commands to be
overwritten without needing to use `Cypress.Commands.overwrite()`.

### Component Testing Changes

Component Testing has moved from experimental to beta status in 10.0.0.

Component Testing can now be ran from the main app, and launching into component
testing via the command `cypress open-ct` is now deprecated. To launch directly
into component testing, use the `cypress open --component` command instead.

> All the Component Testing dev servers are now included in the main `cypress` npm

Author: Updated the text to call that out

  - `cypress/videos/file/one.cy.js.mp4`
  - `cypress/videos/two.cy.js.mp4`

### Command / Cypress API Changes

#### `cy.mount()`

A default `cy.mount()` command has been added for mounting components in
Component Testing. Note that this command only warns and redirect users to the

> API page, the user still needs to manually define their own `cy.mount()` command

Reviewer: can you explain why we added a default command that doesn't do anything?Reading this without context make this seem like a super weird decision on our part.

Author: It does do something, in that it makes `cy.mount` globally available to use in CT tests. Our suggestion and references all throughout the docs use `cy.mount`, so if it wasn't defined, the user would get an error when attempting to call it.

Author: Oh I see what you are saying. It was modeled after the `hover` command, where instead of erroring saying that the command isn't available, we say you have to set it up manually and provide a link to the docs on how to do so.

with `Cypress.Commands.add('mount', ...)`.

If you set up your app using the automatic configuration wizard, a basic

> `cy.mount` command will have been created in your support file. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cy.mount()` command will be imported for you in your support file from one our supported frameworks. You can
```
idk i don't love my suggestion, but this is only setting this up, not really creating something for users.
